

Cookie Notice

By using this site, you agree to our updated Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.

    TRENDING: Iran captures tanker
    Heat wave
    Puerto Rico
    'The Lion King'
    'Smart' diapers
    Horse accident
    Tay-K
    Debt ceiling
    Man jumps on plane

    A decade on Epstein's trail
    Former detective Michael Fisten shared disturbing details of Jeffrey Epstein&#39;s alleged crimes.
    A former detective says he witnessed harassment and intimidation of accusers
    Florida sheriff investigating deputies' supervision of Jeffrey Epstein during work release program
    Attorney details new Epstein sexual misconduct claims
    Epstein must stay in jail. Judge says he's 'concerned for new victims'
    New Jeffrey Epstein accuser comes forward
    Opinion: Indictment is just the tip of the iceberg

    Today in politics
    Fact check: Trump falsely accuses Ocasio-Cortez of calling Americans 'garbage'
    Clock's ticking on a crucial nuclear treaty. An arms race may be next
    Cooper: Trump's lying is so obvious it's almost insulting
    US is revising citizenship test
    Key Mueller witness hit with underage sex trafficking and child porn charges
    Top NRA official departs amid turmoil
    Opinion: For Biden, a potential disaster
    3,000 federal inmates walk out of prison
    Opinion: An open letter to officials who won't meet alone with a woman

    Top stories
    The family of Lucas Fowler, who was found murdered on a remote highway in Canada on Monday, has put out a statement via the New South Wales Police Department in Australia.
    An American visited her boyfriend in Canada. They were both found dead on a remote highway
    Company sent nearly 5 million opioids to a pharmacy in a town of only 1,400 people
    UK vows 'serious consequences' if Iran doesn't release British-flagged oil tanker
    Dangerous heat wave brings misery to 195 million from New Mexico to Maine
    Why you should be concerned about massive US heat wave
    Anonymous donor asks hospital what it needs and gives $25M to make it happen
    Trump's accusers say they feel forgotten

    News and buzz
    Lakers reportedly feel 'they got played' by NBA star
    Former NFL lineman and Super Bowl champion dies at 32
    Baseball fans share ticket with stranger
    4 h
    Fake legs are being left at memorial for man killed by shark
    5 h
    Impeachment committee forms in Puerto Rico as protesters call for governor to resign
    Penguins break into sushi restaurant ... again
    Man drowns while saving daughter's life
    Clerk (now former clerk) tells customers to 'go back to their country'
    Archaeologists make ancient discovery
    Ragu pasta sauce being recalled
    Pampers' new smart diapers already have a waitlist
    Carpenter helped send strangers to college for free

    Shopping around
    NEW YORK, NEW YORK - DECEMBER 11: A woman walks by a Dollar General store on December 11, 2018 in the Brooklyn borough of New York City. As the income gap between rich and poor continues to grow, dollar and 99 cent stores have become increasingly popular in both urban and rural America. Dollar General, one of several discount retail chains, has become one of the fastest growing retailers in the U.S. According to the Institute for Local Self Reliance, there are now over 30,000 dollar stores in the U.S., up from around 18,000 a decade ago. Dollar General and Dollar Tree alone are expected to have 50k stores in the next few years. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
    Dollar stores are everywhere. That's a problem for poor Americans
    Dollar General has a new strategy to win wealthier shoppers
    Believe it or not, dollar stores are thriving
    How a cheap, brutally efficient grocery chain is upending America's supermarkets
    These are the unexpected winners of the grocery wars

    Death comes for us all
    Opinion
    What a doctor wishes patients knew about the end
    Maggots, amputations and naked thieves: Government watchdog details hospice deficiencies
    The truth about how doctors want to die

Check these out
Australia&#39;s rider of team BMC Rohan Dennis wearing the overall leader&#39;s pink jersey waits prior to the start of the 3rd stage of the 101st Giro d&#39;Italia, Tour of Italy, on May 6, 2018, 229 kilometers between Beer-Sheva and Eilat. (Photo by Luk Benies / AFP) (Photo credit should read LUK BENIES/AFP/Getty Images)
Mystery surrounds top Tour de France rider's withdrawal during race
The 'Cats' trailer is here and it's horrifying the internet
Watch Russia test missile system in the Arctic
7-Eleven pledges $7,111 to college fund of 7/11 baby

    CNN Business
    John Oliver voices Zazu and JD McCrary voices Young Simba in Disney&#39;s &quot;The Lion King,&quot;
    'The Lion King' could seal Disney's reign over the box office
    Toys 'R' Us is coming back to the United States
    Up to half of exiting CEOs don't quit. They get fired

    Sports
    After beating cancer, he&#39;s NFL&#39;s most underrated player
    After beating cancer, he's NFL's most underrated player
    Video: Boxer gets knocked out of ring during fight
    Surge of NFL players switching to MMA
    NBA power rankings after an absurd summer
    High schooler could be better than his NBA MVP brother

    Opinion
    WASHINGTON, DC - JULY 15: U.S. Rep. Rashida Tlaib (D-MI), Rep. Ayanna Pressley (D-MA), Rep. Ilhan Omar (D-MN), and Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) pause between answering questions during a press conference at the U.S. Capitol on July 15, 2019 in Washington, DC. President Donald Trump stepped up his attacks on four progressive Democratic congresswomen, saying if they&#39;re not happy in the United States &quot;they can leave.&quot; (Photo by Alex Wroblewski/Getty Images)
    The Squad is a gift to Trump
    Trump's racist 'go back' message is un-American
    What a doctor wishes patients knew about the end
    A divided America once produced something great
    Boyce's death shines a light on fatal stigma
    'Bachelorette' sex argument comes at a bleak price
    The roots of Trump's bullying 

    Paid Partner Content
    LendingTree
    Refinance rates at 3.018% APR. Do you qualify?
    CompareCards
    8 cards charging 0% interest until 2021
    Motley Fool
    5 stocks for building wealth after 50

    CNN Films' 'Apollo 11'
    &#39;Apollo 11&#39;
    How this documentary uncovered rare footage of the moon landing
    Her job was crucial to Apollo 11's launch, but she needed special permission to be in the room
    When President Nixon called the moon
    Watch Buzz Aldrin step onto the moon
    Photos: The Apollo 11 mission from start to finish

    World
    Hackers take over the London Metropolitan Police's Twitter account
    This nearly extinct bird's population could double thanks to 'epic' breeding season
    UK lawmakers threaten to drag Queen Elizabeth into Brexit chaos
    Kyoto arson suspect offers clue to motive
    Space lab to fall to Earth in demolition

    US
    A carpenter saved his whole life and helped 33 strangers go to school for free
    Puerto Rico braces for more protests amid calls for governor's ouster
    Man who drove wife and autistic sons off pier charged with murder
    The NFL will not discipline or fine Kansas City Chiefs wide receiver 

    Entertainment
    If Val Kilmer is in 'Top Gun' sequel what's the deal with the trailer?
    'Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.' to end
    Hudson, Swift come out to play in 'Cats'
    Kennedy Center to honor 'Sesame Street'
    Valerie Harper's family launches GoFundMe 

    Tech
    This is the future of spacesuit technology
    Pampers is making a 'smart' diaper. Yes, really
    Influencers are now turning to LinkedIn
    Elon Musk is making implants to link the brain with a smartphone

    Politics
    Trump made 20 false claims at his North Carolina rally
    24 Democrats are running for president. Voters and donors like only five of them.
    House Judiciary asks Hope Hicks to clarify testimony about Stormy Daniels
    Democrat lifts hold on Treasury nominees amid ongoing fight over Trump's tax returns

    Health
    Both the &quottop" and &quotbottom" blood pressure numbers can increase your risk of heart attack and stroke, study says
    Both the "top" and "bottom" blood pressure…
    Cutting about 300 calories a day might…
    Philippines declares national alert after…
    Broken heart syndrome and cancer are…

    Travel
    Forget about 'Cats' and check out one of these cat cafes instead
    Penguins break into sushi restaurant
    The best Las Vegas restaurants on and off the Strip
    What is the world's most popular cruise destination?
    7 luxurious hotels loved by royalty 

    Style
    Kim Jong Un waves from his car upon his arrival in Vietnam on February 26, 2019 to attend the second US-North Korea summit.
    How did Kim Jong Un get his Mercedes?
    King Tut's coffin to be restored for the first time since it was discovered
    Is this the world's most beautiful metro?
    The unexpected history of the Sikh turban
    Clinton offers rare glimpse into her home

    US
        Crime + Justice
        Energy + Environment
        Extreme Weather
        Space + Science
    World
        Africa
        Americas
        Asia
        Australia
        China
        Europe
        India
        Middle East
        United Kingdom
    Politics
        45
        Congress
        Supreme Court
        Facts First
        2020 Election
    Business
        Markets
        Tech
        Media
        Success
        Perspectives
        Videos
    Opinion
        Political Op-Eds
        Social Commentary
    Health
        Food
        Fitness
        Wellness
        Parenting
        Vital Signs
    Entertainment
        Stars
        Screen
        Binge
        Culture
        Media
    Tech
        Innovate
        Gadget
        Mission: Ahead
        Upstarts
        Work Transformed
        Innovative Cities
    Style
        Arts
        Design
        Fashion
        Architecture
        Luxury
        Autos
        Video
    Travel
        Destinations
        Food & Drink
        Play
        Stay
        Videos
    Sports
        Pro Football
        College Football
        Basketball
        Baseball
        Soccer
        Olympics
    Videos
        Live TV
        Digital Studios
        CNN Films
        HLN
        TV Schedule
        TV Shows A-Z
        CNNVR
    Coupons
        CNN Underscored
        Explore
        Wellness
        Gadgets
        Lifestyle
        CNN Store
    More
        Photos
        Longform
        Investigations
        CNN Profiles
        CNN Leadership
        CNN Newsletters
        Work for CNN

Follow CNN

    Terms of Use
    Privacy Policy
    Accessibility & CC
    AdChoices
    About Us
    CNN Studio Tours
    CNN Store
    Newsletters
    Transcripts
    License Footage
    CNN Newsource
    Sitemap

© 2019 Cable News Network.Turner Broadcasting System, Inc.All Rights Reserved.CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.
:wqw
